[expo-router][docs] toolbar docs (#41597)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/router-toolbar.mdx

---
title: Router Toolbar
description: An Expo Router submodule that provides native toolbar components.
sourceCodeUrl: 'https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/main/packages/expo-router'
packageName: 'expo-router'
platforms: ['ios']
isAlpha: true
---

import { BookOpen02Icon } from '@expo/styleguide-icons/outline/BookOpen02Icon';

import APISection from '~/components/plugins/APISection';
import { BoxLink } from '~/ui/components/BoxLink';

> **important** Toolbar is currently in [alpha](/more/release-statuses/#alpha) and available in [canary releases](/versions/latest/#using-pre-release-versions) of `expo-router`.

> Using toolbar together with tabs is not supported at the moment.

`expo-router/unstable-toolbar` is a submodule of `expo-router` and exports components to add a native toolbar to your app.

> See the [Expo Router](./router) reference for more information about the file-based routing library for native and web app.

## Installation

> To use `expo-router/unstable-split-view` in your project, you need to install `expo-router` in your project. Follow the instructions from Expo Router's installation guide:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `expo-router/unstable-toolbar` in your project, you need to install `expo-router` in your project. Follow the instructions from Expo Router's installation guide:
```
